Update README.md ReScript compatibility description (#303)
melange-re/melange: README.md

# Melange

> **Tools for producing JS from OCaml / Reason.**

Reviewer: how about:

> A toolchain that compiles OCaml / Reason to JavaScript

Author: Well, it's not an entire toolchain. Maybe just 'tooling'? Or more specific as 'Compiler'? 'Mixture of tooling' was a bit nondescriptive. It might make sense for devs but not for simple users.

Reviewer: Mixture of tooling was a pun on [melange](https://www.google.com/search?q=define%3Amelange&oq=define%3Amelange&aqs=chrome..69i57j69i58.3321j0j1&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8).

Author: I didn't catch that. I try to use that somewhere further down.

> This project is forked from the

Reviewer: How about shorter sentences here?

> This project is a fork of the ReScript compiler. The main focus of Melange is compatibility with the wider OCaml ecosystem. Melange also introduces a ReScript compatibility layer that allows it to understand ReScript – gaining access to its ecosystem of packages.

Author: How about 
> Melange also introduces a ReScript compatibility layer to maintain compatibility with the ReScript Syntax - gaining access...

Reviewer: that's a good rationale. Go ahead.

# Melange

### Tools for producing JS from Reason/OCaml.

> Melange is a compiler for producing performant Javascript from Reason and Ocaml.

Reviewer: This is not 100% accurate. `melc` is the compiler, but we ship `mel` too, which produces dune rules (and invokes dune to build)

Reviewer: Could you use the correct capitalization for JavaScript, according to the trademark, please? https://www.oxfordreference.com/view/10.1093/acref/9780199571444.001.0001/acref-9780199571444-e-1823

Powered by a strong static type system with best-in-class type inference based 
on the OCaml compiler, Melange facilitates robust code.

### Positioning in the broader OCaml ecosystem

This project is forked from the
[ReScript compiler](https://github.com/rescript-lang/rescript-compiler/) shifting

> focus on integration with the OCaml ecosystem. This enables code sharing between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
focus to integrating with the OCaml ecosystem. This enables code sharing between
```

> backend and frontend using Dune's virtual libraries.

Reviewer: This is a bold claim. I've never tested virtual libraries with Melange, and I don't think they would be able to build a melange project.

Did you see an example where this is supported?

Author: Referenced here: https://jchavarri.github.io/melange-docs/

> Write your code once, share between native and browser apps using Dune virtual libraries

Reviewer: Actually that _is_ possible. I remember Javier had a demo. I had forgotten!

Melange also introduces a ReScript compatibility layer to maintain compatibility
with ReScript's Syntax - preserving access to ReScripts ecosystem of packages.

Write in Reason/OCaml, use OCaml libraries or ReScript packages to kickstart
your project! 

> A small write-up withmore details on the motivation behind this project can be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A small write-up with more details on the motivation behind this project can be 
```

# Melange

### Tools for producing JS from Reason/OCaml.

> Melange is a compiler for producing performant JavaScript from Reason and Ocaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Melange is a compiler for producing performant JavaScript from Reason and OCaml.
```

Powered by a strong static type system with best-in-class type inference based 

> on the OCaml compiler, Melange facilitates robust code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the OCaml compiler, Melange facilitates producing robust JavaScript code.
```

### Can I use ReScript syntax?

> Yes! ReScript syntax is supported, but ReScript won't have as many features as

Reviewer: This part looks fine.
